take your family on a Lenten retreat at
sea with Michael Voris
and father Z of the world-renowned
Catholic blog what does the prayer
really say couples and singles should
also cast off to the Caribbean for this
seven-day trip and those who have signed
up are encouraged to introduce
themselves ahead of time on our Facebook
event page sign up for the cruise please
visit the website on your screen or call
805 five to six six five six five that's
eight oh five five to six six five six
five Hilary one and welcome to the
vortex where lies and falsehoods are
trapped and exposed I'm Michael Voris
when the world notices you're doing
something it means you're making a
splash in a recent article in the very
respected Economist magazine we've
attached the link by the way there is a
very concise piece on traditional
catholicism with the banner headline
that traditional catholicism is all the
rage at least in england but that's the
case all over the Western world it's
avant-garde trendy almost like a hipster
to actually bow before God and receive
his body and blood on your tongue
it's a fashion-forward statement for
priests to be in Kasich's and nuns and
habits
oh my imagine the shock all the shock
and horror bouncing off the walls of the
Church of nice chanceries downtown
unable to hold or inspire their own
flagging parishes where are these other
nutjob Catholics coming from you know
who we're talking about the women who
wear those doilies on their heads
also known as veils out of respect for
the presence of the Almighty and fathers
who stroll into the pews with a brood of
as many children as our Blessed Lord
willed them to have and they have been
happy to cooperate with and most of all
the young people oh my the young people
at these traditional gatherings whether
it's a mass or a procession or a
particular devotion it must really be a
mystery deeper than the Blessed Trinity
itself to the more modernist friendly
usual
Parrish at the Church of nice and here's
the heart of the mystery for them why
are their dominant parishes shrinking
and closing up and these young upstart
New Kids on the Block group's busting at
the seams well the answer is pretty
simple because the Church of nice by
which we mean the saccharine syrupy hand
holding ultra feminized altar girl
Protestant hymn-singing social justice
priests facing with his back to God
staring at the people and them staring
back at him church in short practically
every parish in the Western world this
version of Catholicism is really the new
kid on the block it's only been around
for about the past 50 years not very
long in a church that's 2,000 years old
but just long enough so that it looks
like it's always been the case for
anybody who's under 55 but until the
decade of the evil 1960s it was never
this way people all over the Western
world went to Mass and wouldn't dream of
sticking out their hands and grabbing
the host with their fingers and plopping
it in their mouths nor would the thought
even enter their minds to stand in the
presence of the king instead of kneeling
altar girls no way the sanctuary was the
domicile of the masculine because of the
intense focus on sacrifice but when the
altar became a table the masculine left
the sanctuary and the feminine rushed in
because the sacrifice turned into a nice
meal where we all hold hands that sort
of thing used to happen in the social
hall after Mass we called it doughnuts
and coffee there used to be processions
but the only processions you'll find in
the Church of nice are the ones straight
to the parking lot after going up and
getting your bread and make sure you
avoid that mad rush from the altar to
the parking lot you just might get
trampled as people - to get to the mall
three minutes earlier than they would
have if they have stay if they had
stayed behind and told God thank you for
the gift of himself and hovering over
all of this as the simple undeniable
truth tradition is growing despite being
deeply opposed by many leading lights in
the church as well as ignorance on the
part of many in
the pews and the Church of nice is
shriveling up now in the competition
between the modernist manufactured
machine versus the ancient faith the
modernist version does have the upper
hand no doubt it holds almost all the
cards almost all the cards it runs the
bureaucracy owns the property controls
the school's determines the educational
material etc but despite its massive
advantage its contracting and the
traditional original non manufactured
one is expanding think down the road to
generation is it logical to suspect that
the Church of nice will always enjoy the
advantage it currently enjoys no it only
enjoys that advantage because it has the
numbers on its side right now but we
already have mountains of evidence that
those numbers are not only growing
smaller but will continue into the next
generation less and less Catholic
couples are getting married certainly
having fewer children and the children
of today who are raised in the Church of
nice for the most part don't care or
don't know about their faith what do you
think they're gonna do in 10 years when
those young children become young adults
stick around a church or parish they
have no real intellectual psychological
and most of all spiritual attachment to
they'll just leave as the past two
generations have largely left and what
about the people who are on an honest
search for the truth what will their
reaction be when they encounter the
Church of nice well since they hear only
a smidgen of the truth in it if they
come to it
they aren't hanging around for long but
when these people these same people
encounter the non manufactured
traditional Church that thunders truth
from the pulpit that bowels down in
adoration before her God that is
unapologetically an undeniable Catholic
well that's a different story in these
pews divorce is not common but children
are contraception and dissent do not
rule the minds and hearts but love for
the faith coupled with a knowledge of it
in the end as it has always been it is
the truth that people are attracted
to those who wanted so when they find it
they come and when they don't find it
they leave sooner or later they hit the
bricks anyone who thinks that the Church
of nicest days aren't numbered needs to
get out more often they could start by
reading the attached brief article in a
secular publication if the world is
noticing that means there's something to
notice God love you I'm Michael Voris
church militant i TV join us in combat
become a premium member today